swimming
go on show who's boss
who are you i am commander Sark
heartless commander
sure
okay you're the boss forget it
man what kind of world is this anyway
you're inside a mainframe computer
system a what system a computer system
for processing data this system is a
copy of one created by a corporation
called income the original program was
destroyed but this copy was acquired by
another user the new user updated and
customized programs renaming the system
Hollow Bastion OS he used the system for
town maintenance and to advance his
private research my name is tron I'm a
security program
now I'm under arrest same as you did you
guys get anything
you know maybe we should just introduce
ourselves
I'm Sora nice to meet you chew on my
goofy with that configuration you must
be users users you better get out of
here quickly who knows what the mCP will
do to you mcp the master control program
it controls the whole system if you idle
here you will be direst rush so how do
we get out of here
this terminal could have gotten you back
to the user would
but the mCP cut the power 50 micro
cycles ago if we could bring the energy
core in the canyon online we could power
it back up
the problem is we're stuck in this cell
we're not going anywhere unless we
unlock the energy fields
Master Control why not just derezzed
Tron I still haven't located the
password to the Beatles face what about
a logic probe with all your processing
power out of the question the current
environment hampers the processing power
needed for certain analysis you're
dismissed sock stop any remaining
anomalies in the system or else end of
line acknowledged
this is the energy core
so what did you want us to do
find my user he'll give you the password
to access the DTD yep so um DTD is the
name my user gave to the dataspace
copies of all the original system
programs are stored there along with
anything that's sensitive or restricted
is there stuff about the heartless or
organization 13
most likely
number of my functions were appropriated
when I last took on the mCP that's
wearing password
if I can get inside the DTD that can
access my original backup program and
restore all my functions then I'll be
able to put this system back the way it
was before the mCP got control and
changed everything the way it was
supposed to be a free system for you the
users mmm gee troll hate the mCP one of
those programs to do you know who it was
who made it actually I don't know okay
we'll just have to find your user and
ask him what's his name you mean you
don't know my user is the user of this
system and send the wise I am some looks
like the MC pays on to us I'll kick this
terminal up and running you better exit
the system now sure but Tron Anson is
right okay you're good to go hurry